# Navratna-Jewellery-The-Complete-Guide---Lasolitairejewels
In almost all parts of India, the practice of wearing Navratna-encrusted jewellery is popular. The nine gemstones, or navratnas, represent the nine planets that Indian astrology is based on. They are thought to protect the well-being of the person who wears them, as each planet guards one of the nine gems and provides power. Critics, on the other hand, argue that pairing particular gems can be risky. As a result, it must be worn properly in order for the Navratnas to fit you.  THE FEATURES OF THE NINE GEMSTONES/NAVRATNAS:  The meanings of these nine jewels vary according to Indian culture. Let’s take a closer look at each of the nine gemstones to learn more about them:  Ruby for Surya (Sun)  Ruby is a gemstone that connects itself with the Sun, the Ultimate Energy Source. The Sun’s red cosmic rays provide active energy, boost self-esteem and have sight-healing powers on those who wear them. It improves focus and gives you the power to command. Ruby enhances a person’s leadership abilities, gives them independence and is a symbol of purity.  Pearl for Chandra (Moon)  The moon is represented by the pearl, which is a gorgeous white gemstone. When you wear a pearl, it has a calming influence on your attitude and disposition. It also helps with tension, stomach difficulties and marital concerns. It emits a good atmosphere around the wearer. It provides mental and emotional balance. Pearls encourage socializing and provide satisfaction by helping in the control of one’s thoughts.  Red Coral for Mangala (Mars)  The planet Mars is linked to red coral. When worn as a ring or pendant, the combination of opaque coral and gold protects the user from fevers, jaundice and other harmful ailments. The coral also serves as a strong barrier to evil spirits. It increases courage, strength, knowledge and the ability to win.  Emerald for Budha (Mercury)  The cold, green radiation of Mercury is absorbed by emeralds. The wearer is shielded from disorders with the intestines, liver, lungs, tissues, tongue and nervous system. It’s said to help with brain-related functions including memory and communication.  Yellow sapphire for Brhaspati (Jupiter)  The planet Jupiter is represented by the Yellow Sapphire, which instills honesty, faith and sincerity in the wearer. It helps in increasing the flow of wealth into your life. Wearing a yellow sapphire can also help with spiritual drives and yoga meditation. It broadens one’s horizons and increases compassion.  Diamond for Shukra (Venus)  Diamond is one of the most valuable jewels and it is thought to promote financial prosperity. Venus, the planet of beauty and love, is aligned with the diamond. It improves one’s appearance and invites success in life. It bestows all of life’s comforts, joys and fortune upon the person who wears it. It also attracts abundance and makes one successful.  Blue sapphire for Shani (Saturn)  Blue Sapphire is considered to bring you good luck and advantageous circumstances. It is extremely advantageous to those involved in commerce and business. This gemstone, which is ruled by the planet Saturn, is ideal for lawyers, judges and other authoritative professionals. It makes one humble, increases tolerance and matures a person.  Hessonite for Rahu (the ascending node of the Moon)  Hessonite is a powerful gemstone that is used to counteract all of Rahu’s negative impacts on one’s life. It also helps to alleviate acidity-related problems. Wearing the Hessonite can also help the wearer win court fights or negotiate better commercial deals. It improves a person’s ability to understand his or her own thoughts and self.  Cat’s Eye for Ketu (the descending node of the Moon)  People who don’t have a well-placed Ketu in their natal charts should use cat’s eye. The Cat’s Eye counteracts the evil effects of Ketu, which can lead to jealousy, a loss of rank on the job ladder, or an increase in rivalries. If Ketu is in the correct house in the natal chart of the native, however, it provides clarity of thought, vision and opens the door to spiritual enlightenment.  THE SETTING ARRANGEMENT OF THE NAVRATNAS:  Navratna jewellery can be put on mounting rings so that the stones come into contact with the skin. The weight of the stones is determined by the astrological chart of the individual. A ruby (representing the Sun) is always in the center, surrounded by a diamond, a natural pearl, red coral, hessonite, a blue sapphire, cat’s eye, yellow sapphire and an emerald (clockwise from the top). In a nine-gem design, no stone other than a ruby is traditionally put in the middle. Because the Sun is at the core of the solar system and its gem is located in the heart, doing so is seen as against nature.  CONCLUSION:  Although the claimed astrological benefit of wearing stones has not been scientifically proven, it has been used by both men and women for centuries.  Here at La Solitaire’s most exclusive collections, we offer a range of handcrafted Navratna Jewellery. Natural and original Pearl, Cat’s Eye, Sapphire, Recreated Coral are used to make the jewellery in this collection, which is a visual treat. Visit our website to learn more about our unique collections.
